Docs updates for tunnel analyzer rework (#97)
zeek/zeek-docs: frameworks/packet-analysis.rst

the ``Initialize()`` method. When overriding this method, always make sure to
call the base-class version to ensure proper initialization.

> With the addition of the transport-layer analyzer to the packet analysis framework,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the addition of transport-layer analyzers to the packet analysis framework,
```

> it's now possible to register for ports as the identifier. This is natural, given

Reviewer: I think an quick example use case would help explain this here, not sure it's *that* natural. :)

that a port number is just another numeric identifier for moving from one
protocol to another. Packet analyzers should call
``PacketAnalyzer::register_for_port`` or ``PacketAnalyzer::register_for_ports``
to ensure that the ports are also stored in the global ``Analyzer::ports`` table for
use with BPF filters.

The packet analysis framework also provides a ``register_protocol_detection``

> method that is used to register a packet analyzer to use protocol detection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method that is used to register a packet analyzer to implement their own protocol detection
```
